0.0.3 ros2-foxy libraries automatic build & update (#46)
rapyuta-robotics/rclUE: README.md

- some basic numerical types are not natively supported in Blueprint (e.g. double, unsigned int). In order to use these, a workaround is needed (a plugin implementing those types for BP, a modified UE4 or a custom implementation).
- In autogenerated messages, the method MsgToString() should be implemented by the user as its current purpose is to help debugging.

# How to update ROS inside RclUE
Currently there is a Scripts/update_ros.py for automatic build and update ROS2 (foxy) libraries. To update ROS:
- Install 'ros2' (foxy) (until section 'Build the code in the workspace') [Building ROS 2 on Ubuntu Linux](https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Installation/Ubuntu-Development-Setup.html)
- Reinstall python package due to [issue](https://github.com/ros-visualization/qt_gui_core/issues/212):
```
sudo apt remove shiboken2 libshiboken2-dev libshiboken2-py3-5.14
pip3 install --user shiboken2
```

> - Apply patch for ros2 to avoid LD_LIBRARY_PATH dependency issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply patch for ros2 dynamic libs so as to avoid setting LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable:
```

> - Apply patch for ros2 to avoid LD_LIBRARY_PATH dependency issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply patch for ros2 to avoid setting LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable to the dynamic libs paths:
```

```
src/ros2/rcpputils/src/find_library.cpp:
in function find_library_path():
---//return "";
+++return "lib" + library_name + ".so";
```
- Clone ['rclc' package](https://github.com/ros2/rclc/tree/foxy), branch 'foxy' (it's not a part of official ros2)
- Clone ['ue_msgs'](https://github.com/rapyuta-robotics/UE_msgs) (Rapyuta-Robotics project) 
- Run Scripts/update_ros.py script with arguments:
```

> python3 update_ros.py <Path to UE4> <Path to ROS2 foxy> <Path to rclc package> <Path to UE_msgs> <Path to project, which includes RclUE plugin>

Reviewer: Could you also note the specific destination folder of those `paths to`, probably some example would be helpful to make it clear.

> python3 update_ros.py <Path to UE4> <Path to ROS2 foxy> <Path to rclc package> <Path to UE_msgs> <Path to project, which includes RclUE plugin>

Reviewer: I could see an example in `update_ros.py`:
`python3 update_ros.py /home/vilkun/UE/UnrealEngine /home/vilkun/ros2_foxy /home/vilkun/work/build_foxy/rclc /home/vilkun/work/build_foxy/UE_msgs /home/vilkun/work/turtlebot3-UE`
Could you also specify here in README also?

```
Notes:
- Script also updates Rapyuta-Robotics UE_msgs libraries inside RclUE.

> - For more details check script, for example how it deals with libraries versions in their SONAME (UE4 can't deal with it, see 2 potential fix ways)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please check the scripts for more details about how it deals with libraries versions in their SONAME (UE4 can't deal with it, see 2 potential fix ways)
```
What does `see 2 potential fix ways` mean?

> - For more details check script, for example how it deals with libraries versions in their SONAME (UE4 can't deal with it, see 2 potential fix ways)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please check the scripts for more details about how it deals with libraries versions in their SONAME (UE4 can't deal with it, see 2 potential fix ways)
```
Can you further elaborate on `see 2 potential fix ways`?
